# Polymodule3
## Steps to make the project
* Clone git repository https://github.com/projectsophon/hardhat-circom.
* Go on circuit and and from their go to circuit.custom
* Now, write the logic for the circuit as shown below -
## Quick Start
* Compile the Multiplier2() circuit and verify it against a smart contract verifier

   
Description of the circuit code
Three templates are defined for AND, NOT, and OR gates. These templates represent the logic of each gate.

The main circuit template named CustomCircuit is defined with inputs a and b, and an output q.

The component gates (AND, NOT, and OR) are instantiated using their respective templates.

The connections between input signals and gates' inputs, as well as connections between gate outputs and signals, are established to implement the desired circuit logic.

The output q of the custom circuit is computed based on the inputs a and b using the defined AND, NOT, and OR gates.

To use this circuit template in your Circom project, you would need to instantiate it, connect it to other parts of your circuit (if applicable), and define the inputs and outputs accordingly. For example, you can define input signals a and b, then compute the output q by invoking the main component.

Go to input.json and change the input of a = 0 and b = 1 as per the requirement
Commands to be given for deployment
Install
npm i

Compile
npx hardhat circom This will generate the out file with circuit intermediaries and geneate the MultiplierVerifier.sol contract

Prove and Deploy
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.ts This script does 4 things

Deploys the MultiplierVerifier.sol contract
Generates a proof from circuit intermediaries with generateProof()
Generates calldata with generateCallData()
Calls verifyProof() on the verifier contract with calldata
With two commands you can compile a ZKP, generate a proof, deploy a verifier, and verify the proof 🎉

Configuration
Directory Structure

Each new circuit lives in it's own directory. At the top level of each circuit directory lives the circom circuit and input to the circuit. The out directory will be autogenerated and store the compiled outputs, keys, and proofs. The Powers of Tau file comes from the Polygon Hermez ceremony, which saves time by not needing a new ceremony.

contracts

contracts

Verifier contracts are autogenerated and prefixed by the circuit name.

hardhat.config.ts
  
circuits configuation is separated from hardhat.config.ts for autogenerated purposes (see next section)


Author

Kajal Raj Chauhan
